By the way, am I the next one who only knows how to fight and is a homeless person?
Have you ever seen such handsome consequences?
Two clams together
Which one to get? Get your CEO.
The CEO suddenly came to produce and want to return?
Did you hear that? The CEO is judging
Man, please look taller. Is it me in this issue?
I'm definitely still stopping for a while
Can you stop? Stop the electric waist.
Is it possible? Is it possible?
But just now those mine handsome lesbians also saw it
They all listened like wolves.
Don't worry, please help me do this for you.
What should I do?
Okay, it's all your trouble
You go to receive customers and play
I'll wait for you here
Absolutely the best and rarest brother
alone
Do you want to go to Guibian together?
Leave it and go upstairs to the shop and I'll fly you
When I was in school, I listened to and sung my homework, right?
Now why do you want to sing that I want a man?
Isn’t this sister Yaya?
I just want to get acquainted
This handsome guy
you do not know
What joint do you mean by this?
Yes, I know, handsome brother
Do you know that Tang Wa is the illegitimate daughter of the Tang family?
No one in the Tang family likes him
The Tang family has a group of friends
Their family used to save His Majesty's troubles.
There is always a question
Why don't you come with me just now?
I have money again
no figure
So I have a lot of young masters, right?
Are you with him?
It's really a waste of time to blind your eyes.
Code of ethics
Male ethics are similar
Men are still realistic
Although this little lady has a bad temperament
It just so happens that she is also a wealthy woman.
What can I give her to eat at night?
My husband is surrounded by people
Got into the hands of another woman
It's pitiful that she's late
I usually treat this man like a treasure, go now
So if a man doesn’t mess with you, he won’t connect with you